Add docs for jobs (#1826)
nushell/nushell.github.io: book/background_task.md

Reviewer: could we rename the file to `background_jobs.md` also?

# Background Jobs

## Spawning Jobs

> Nushell currently presents experimental support for thread-based background jobs.

Reviewer: could you move this line to above the "Spawning Jobs" header?

also, nitpick, but not sure about "presents" here, I think just "has" works fine

Jobs can be can be spawned using [`job spawn`](/commands/docs/job_spawn.md), which receives a closure and starts its execution in a background thread, returning
an unique integer id for such job:

```nu
'i am' | save status.txt

job spawn { sleep 10sec; ' inevitable' | save --append status.txt }

> ## => 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# => 1
```

open status.txt

> ## => i am

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# => i am
```

# wait for 10 seconds
sleep 10sec

open status.txt

> ## => i am inevitable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# => i am inevitable
```

```

::: tip Note
Unlike many other shells, Nushell jobs are **not** separate processes, and are instead implemented
as background threads. An important side effect of that, is that all background jobs terminate once the shell process exits.

> :::

Reviewer: could you expand this into a proper (but brief) section? things I think we should specifically cover:

- interactive vs. non-interactive job killing behavior on Nushell exit
- explain that this is the rationale behind no `disown` / eventually `job dispatch`

## Listing and Killing jobs

Active jobs can be queried with the [`job list`](/commands/docs/job_list.md) command, which returns a table with the information of the jobs which are currently executing.

> Jobs can also be kiled/interrupted by using the [`job kill`](/commands/docs/job_kill.md) command, which interrupts the job's thread and kills all of the job's child processes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jobs can also be killed/interrupted by using the [`job kill`](/commands/docs/job_kill.md) command, which interrupts the job's thread and kills all of the job's child processes:
```

```nu
let id = job spawn { sleep 1day }

job list
# => ┏━━━┳━━━━┳━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓
# => ┃ # ┃ id ┃  type  ┃      pids      ┃
# => ┣━━━╋━━━━╋━━━━━━━━╋━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┫
# => ┃ 0 ┃  1 ┃ thread ┃ [list 0 items] ┃
# => ┗━━━┻━━━━┻━━━━━━━━┻━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┛

job kill $id

job list
# => ╭────────────╮
# => │ empty list │
# => ╰────────────╯
```

> ## Unix Ctrl-Z
> 
> In unix targets (namely Linux and MacOS), Nushell's background job support also integrates with the Ctrl-Z feature
> of terminals (more specifically, the `SIGTSTP` signal), which allows users to suspend foreground processes into background jobs.
> When a running process is suspended, it is turned into a background job of type `frozen`. A frozen job can be reanimated into foreground with the
> [`job unfreeze`](/commands/docs/job_unfreeze.md) command.
> 
> ```
> long_running_process
> # (Ctrl-Z is pressed)
> 
> job list
> # => ┏━━━┳━━━━┳━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓
> # => ┃ # ┃ id ┃  type  ┃      pids      ┃
> # => ┣━━━╋━━━━╋━━━━━━━━╋━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┫
> # => ┃ 0 ┃  1 ┃ frozen ┃ [list 1 items] ┃
> # => ┗━━━┻━━━━┻━━━━━━━━┻━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┛
> 
> job unfreeze 1
> # (process is brought back where it stopped)
> ```
> 
> If no job id is provided to `job unfreeze`, it will unfreeze the job id of the most recently frozen job.
> Therefore, one can use `alias fg = job unfreeze` to achieve a behavior similar to the one of existing unix shells.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
## Job suspension

On Unix targets, such as Linux and macOS, Nushell also supports suspending external commands using <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Z</kbd>. When a running process is suspended, it is turned into a "frozen" background job: 

```nu
long_running_process # this starts running, then Ctrl+Z is pressed
# => Job 1 is frozen

job list
# => ┏━━━┳━━━━┳━━━━━━━━┳━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┓
# => ┃ # ┃ id ┃  type  ┃      pids      ┃
# => ┣━━━╋━━━━╋━━━━━━━━╋━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┫
# => ┃ 0 ┃  1 ┃ frozen ┃ [list 1 items] ┃
# => ┗━━━┻━━━━┻━━━━━━━━┻━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━━┛
```

A frozen job can be brought back into foreground with the [`job unfreeze`](/commands/docs/job_unfreeze.md) command:

```nu
job unfreeze
# process is brought back where it stopped
```

::: tip Tip
For those familiar with other Unix shells, you can create an alias to emulate the behavior of the `fg` command:
```nu
alias fg = job unfreeze
```
:::

By default, `job unfreeze` will unfreeze the most recently frozen job. However, you can also specify the id of a specific job to unfreeze:

```nu
vim
# => Job 1 is frozen

long_running_process
# => Job 2 is frozen

job unfreeze 1
# we're back in vim
```
````

I tweaked this section to make it flow better, let me know what you think. I'm not sure if we need to specify SIGTSTP specifically, I thought of moving it to a note/tip but I couldn't think of what that would look like.

Author: that looks good to me! (and I'm not even the reviewer)
